Adding additional information on how to include 3rd-party JS libraries (#5161)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.2/javascript-dev-guide/javascript/js-resources.md

* For the `frontend` area the similar configuration is located in [`app/code/Magento/Theme/view/frontend/layout/default.xml`]({{ site.mage2bloburl }}/{{ page.guide_version }}/app/code/Magento/Theme/view/frontend/layout/default.xml).

### Including third-party JavaScript Libraries

For including a 3rd party library and use it in all the entire website, check the following steps where will be including the [Slick JS Library](https://github.com/kenwheeler/slick/) as an example. 

1. Download the library and copy the `slick.min.js` to `<theme_path>/web/js` folder

2. Copy the `slick.less` and `slick-theme.less` to `<theme_path>/web/css/source` folder. It is also required to include both files to `<theme_path>/web/css/source/_extend.less`.
```less
@import "slick.less";
@import "slick-theme.less";
```

3. Create or update the theme's `requirejs-config.js` file
> `<theme_path>/requirejs-config.js`

```javascript
var config = {
    paths: {
        slick: 'js/slick.min'
    },
    shim: {
        slick: {
            deps: ['jquery']
        }
    }
};
```

> After all these steps, clear the cache and deploy the files.

Reviewer: Please, clarify this part slightly
```suggestion
After all these steps, clear the cache and perform the static content deployment
```

Author: Thank you for the suggestion, just updated it.
